Clarify Networking Documentation (#98)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking.md

The `traefik.yaml` file should not be edited manually, because k3s would overwrite it again once it is restarted. Instead you can customize Traefik by creating an additional `HelmChartConfig` manifest in `/var/lib/rancher/k3s/server/manifests`. For more details and an example see [Customizing Packaged Components with HelmChartConfig](../helm/helm.md#customizing-packaged-components-with-helmchartconfig). For more information on the possible configuration values, refer to the official [Traefik Helm Configuration Parameters.](https://github.com/traefik/traefik-helm-chart/tree/master/traefik).

> To disable it, start each server with the `--disable traefik` flag.

Reviewer: nit: for consistency with how we suggest disabling servicelb down below
```suggestion
To disable it, start each server with the `--disable=traefik` flag.
```

### Disabling the Service LB

To disable the embedded LB, configure all servers in the cluster with the `--disable=servicelb` flag.

This is necessary if you wish to run a different LB, such as MetalLB.

## External Cloud Controller Manager

> K3s does not ship with any "in-tree" cloud providers. Instead, K3s ships with a Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) stub that does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to reduce binary size, K3s removes all "in-tree" (built-in) cloud providers. Instead, K3s provides an embedded Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) that does the following:
```

Reviewer: 👍🏻 / 👎🏻 ?

Author: I added this in https://github.com/k3s-io/docs/pull/98/commits/8327f649a9dbed67a7f7fd0931f83ef56479381a

- Sets node InternalIP and ExternalIP address fields based on the `--node-ip` and `--node-external-ip` flags.
- Hosts the ServiceLB LoadBalancer controller.
- Clears the `node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/uninitialized` taint that is present when the cloud-provider is set to `external` 

> In order to use an external CCM, you must start K3s with the `--disable-cloud-controller` flag. Additionally, if you disable the built-in CCM and do not provide an external CCM, nodes will remain tainted and unschedulable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying an external CCM, you must start all K3s servers with the `--disable-cloud-controller` flag to disable the embedded CCM. 
:::note 
If you disable the embedded CCM and do not deploy and properly configure a substitute, nodes will remain tainted and unschedulable.
:::
```

This is necessary if you wish to run a different LB, such as MetalLB.

## External Cloud Controller Manager

> K3s ships with a stub Cloud Controller Manager (CCM) that does not actually implement any functionality. In order to use an external CCM, you must start K3s with the `--disable-cloud-controller` flag. 

Reviewer: This isn't accurate. While it does not actually interface with any infrastructure providers, our stub CCM handles several critical operations:
* Setting node InternalIP and ExternalIP address fields based on the --node-ip and --node-external-ip flags.
* Hosting the ServiceLB LoadBalancer controller
* Clearing the `node.cloudprovider.kubernetes.io/uninitialized` taint that is present when the cloud-provider is set to `external` (which is the only valid value, since we disable all the built-in cloud providers).

If users disable the stub CCM, they must deploy an alternative CCM, or their nodes will remain tainted and unschedulable.

Author: Thanks for that info, I have incorporated it into the section.

:::note K3s v1.22 and older

> In order to deploy an external CCM with K3s v1.22 and older, you must also start K3s with the `--kubelet-arg="cloud-provider=external"` flag.

Reviewer: I don't recall this being necessary, did we not previously set that flag when the stub CCM is disabled?

Author: This seems to have been necessary way back in v1.17 and older, I mangled that with the fact that in v1.23+ the `cloud-provider` arg is no longer a thing (its always external for kubelet). Removed!
